姓名：朱时源
学号：201920085211032
学院：计算机与网络空间安全
About the proverb ------------When spider webs unite they can tie up a lion.
When i first saw this proverb,the first thought in my mind was not to look down on every little power. When you gather all the little power you can get, it will be a huge force. With this power you can do anything that beyond what you think. From the literal meaning of this proverb,It means that a spider web singularly might be defeated by the lion,but a lot of spider webs are gathering together, and even the lion is not their opponent.This is a bit like our familiar old saying in China, unity is power.This sentence has a profound impact on the Chinese. It allows us to understand the true meaning of cooperation.In ancient China, there were three stinkers raced through Zhuge Liang, all similar to this. In today's society, this sentence can be used on many occasions, but their ultimate meaning is to work together to achieve or achieve a certain goal.
Sometimes it also means division of labor and cooperation.
   In other country,Even though the spider is a small specie when compared to the lion, they can achieve a great feat in unity.we can make a tremendous impact if we have and share a unity of purpose. It doesn't matter who you are or where you are from, you can make a difference. Your attitude is very important ,It determines if you can succeed. It also means the importance of unity.That even the smallest fibers in the world, when combined, can take on the greatest challenges of life. We are each a fiber of this world and if we would just come together to combine our strengths there would be nothing that we could not conquer.There are also many proverbs similar to this one.Such as “together, we are a genius”?It means that we each have part of the solution to contribute, but none of us have or know the solution individually.Collective can tap deep into our cooperative and creative potential.Another point about spider's webs is how they distribute weight.It also means that we need strategies to solve problems.
When we extend this proverb to the national level,no country can solve issues on their own, they need others too.There are many things that we need to solve together.